Q.1 What is function? Explain function prototying and definition.
-> A function is a block of code that performs a specific task.
	Suppose, a program related to graphics needs to create a circle and color it depending upon the radius and color from the user.
	
	You can create two functions to solve this problem:
		- create a circle function
		- color function
	
	Dividing complex problem into small components makes program easy to understand and use.
	
	Types of functions in C programming:
		Depending on whether a function is defined by the user or already included in C compilers, there are two types of functions in C programming

		There are two types of functions in C programming:
		1) Standard library functions
		2) User defined functions

	Standard library functions:
		1) The standard library functions are built-in functions in C programming to handle tasks such as mathematical computations, I/O processing, string handling etc.
		2) These functions are defined in the header file. When you include the header file, these functions are available for use.
		3) For example:
			The printf() is a standard library function to send formatted output to the screen (display output on the screen).
			This function is defined in "stdio.h" header file.
		4) There are other numerous library functions defined under "stdio.h", such as scanf(), fprintf(), getchar() etc.
		5) Once you include "stdio.h" in your program, all these functions are available for use.

	User-defined functions:
		1) As mentioned earlier, C allow programmers to define functions.
		2) Such functions created by the user are called user-defined functions.
		3) Depending upon the complexity and requirement of the program, you can create as many user-defined functions as you want.

	Snippets:
		#include <stdio.h>
		void functionName()
		{
			... .. ...
			... .. ...
		}

		int main()
		{
			... .. ...
			... .. ...

			functionName();
			
			... .. ...
			... .. ...
		}
	
	The execution of a C program begins from the main() function.
	
	PROTOTYPES: 
		A prototype is just another name for a declaration of a function.
	 
		- double someFunction( double, int );
		
	Declaration and Definition:
		1) When a function is defined at any place in the program then it is called function definition.
		2) At the time of definition of a function actual logic is implemented with-in the function.
		3) A function declaration does not have any body and they just have their interfaces.
		4) A function declaration is usually declared at the top of a C source file, or in a separate header file.
		5) A function declaration is sometime called function prototype or function signature.
		6) A function which returns an integer, and takes two parameters a function declaration will be as follows:
		int Demo( int par1, int par2);