Q.2 Comparison between while, do while and for loop.
-> 
1. Definition:
	for loop -> 
		a) The for loop in C language is also used to iterate the statement or a part of the program several times, like while and do-while loop.
		b) But, we can initialize and increment or decrement the variable also at the time of checking the condition in for loop.
		c) Unlike do while loop, the condition or expression in for loop is given before the statement, so it may execute the statement 0 or more times.
	
	while loop ->
		a) The while loop in C language is used to iterate the part of program or statements many times.
		b) In while loop, condition is given before the statement.
		c) So it is different from the do while loop.
		d) It can execute the statements 0 or more times.
	
	do while loop ->
		a) To execute a part of program or code several times, we can use do-while loop of C language.
		b) The code given between the do and while block will be executed until condition is true.
		c) In do while loop, statement is given before the condition, so statement or code will be executed at lease one time.
		d) In other words, we can say it is executed 1 or more times.

2. When to use what?:
	for loop -> For loop is better if number of iteration is known by the programmer.
	
	while loop -> The C language while loop should be used if number of iteration is uncertain or unknown.
	
	do while loop -> It is used when we have to execute the code at least once.
	
3. for loop (snytax):
		for(initialization; condition; updating), { 
			//Statements 
		}
		
	while loop (syntax):
		while(condition), {
			//Statements
		}
	
	do while loop (syntax):
		do{
			//Statements
		}while(condition);
		
4. for loop and while loop is an entry controlled loop, whereas do while loop is an exit controlled loop.
5. In for loop and while loop, if the condition is not true for the first time than control will never enter in a loop, 
	whereas even if the condition is not true for the first time the control will enter in a loop.
6. There is no semicolon (;) after the condition in the syntax of the for loop and while loop.
	But, after the condition in the syntax of the do while loop there is semicolon (;).
7. In for loop, initialization and updating is the part of the syntax.
	On the other hand, in case of while and do while loop, initialization and updating is not the part of the syntax.
	